A scientifically formulated nutritional supplement crafted to support your body through the indulgence and demands of healthy seasons.

Powered by N-Acetyl L-Cysteine (NAC) and a Red Superfood Blend, CelGen12™️ is designed to help maintain balance, vitality, and wellness—naturally.
 
LiveYourDream with AffluenceGlobal
Nature’s Reds. Science-Backed Wellness.

__________________________________
Double Red Rose, Helps with;
● Kidney
● Osteoporosis
● Tuberculosis (TB)
● Sexual dysfunction
● Menstrual pain
● Parkinson’s disease
● Infertility
● Prostate
● Low libido
● Fibroid
● Epilepsy
● Stroke
● Cancer
● Pneumonia due to constipation
● Burns
● Migraine
● Urinary tract infection (UTI)
● Insomnia
● Acne
● Menopause
● Cholesterol
● Jaundice
● Allergies
● Tumor
● Hypertension (BP)
● Anti-aging
● Cardiovascular
● Eye disorders
● Bones and joints
● Skin
● Bladder problems
● Immune boosting
● Candidiasis (Yeast infection)
● Headaches
● Detoxification
● Low sperm count
● Diarrhea
● Arthritis
● Inflammation
● Weight loss
● Asthma
● Breast disorders
● Nervous disorder
● Eczema (Dermatitis)
● Diabetes
● Loss of appetite
● Ulcer
● Memory loss
● Hepatitis B
● Eye problem

______________________________
testimonies

When they gave birth to this child, we did not know that the child had abnormalities. See, when the baby was seven months, this is how the child was. The child cannot sit. The child cannot hold the mother's breast. If the mother is breastfeeding her and the breast falls out from the mouth, she cannot hold it. She cannot sit, as you can see. The child was just a type. The child went to Shantabia Foundation for treatment to know about it. So I presented the baby to leader Frank from Bamena. He said we should make a video and send to him. We made this video and sent to him. He forwarded it to Dr. Adolf. And he said... The doctor could help the child. The doctor said we should be giving it on a teaspoon. Morning, evening. So we give one packet, the child was taking one packet three times. One sachet, three times on a teaspoon. So when the child took five, we realized that there was a change. When you give her a bonbon, she will take it to the mouth. When you put her in the bowl, she will eat the child. This is the second video. When you give, she was struggling now to eat on her own.

______

- Okay, all right, so greetings to you all and, You are hearing from Anderson from Ghana, from the headquarters of the company. Thank you so much, Mr. Shola and great leader for this privilege that you've given me so that people will understand and know about the science behind the product, why we brought this product and why we selected the ingredient we selected to formulate the product and the science behind the product. So this short meeting is on Thursday. educating and enlightening us on the product, the science behind it, and the benefit that comes with its usage. So the name of the campaign, like we all know, is Affluence Global. And what I love about this is that it's an indigenous African company. It's not a company from U.S. or U.K., or Asia or Europe, but it's our own indigenous African company originating from Ghana. And we brought an amazing product that we're even shocked that the US even certified it for us, although we're an African company. And the global headquarters of the companies in Ghana And I'm believing that this year, as we officially launch the company in Ghana, I'm believing that all of you great leaders in Nigeria, I'll see you in Accra very soon. And the headquarters, this beautiful edifice you see, I believe you'll be in by the close of this year. Now, The leadership of the company is also Ghanaian. So there are two people who co-founded this amazing company, who brought this amazing vision into reality. So we have in place Mr. Prince Kodjo Simpri and Mr. David Aoyakubeferi as the co-founders of the company globally. And tonight, our focus is on the company's product. So that is the main thing that people want, the company's product. was the company able to come about the product? What is the brain behind the company's product? What is the science or the logic behind the company's product? And the whole vision of the company was centered on holistic health. How can we bring something that individuals can benefit from holistically? That is something that has to do with the integral part of the human body when it is being taken. Not something that... Hello? Is anybody there talking? No, we can hear you. All right, thank you. So not something that is focused on... It's focused on... Can we mute? Can we mute? All right, thank you. So not something that is focused on a particular part of the body and leaving the rest. So that's why we use holistic health. Holistic means every part of the human body, including even your cognitive health from your brain down to your toe. And that is why there are a lot of testimonies around the product. Now, to delve much deeper about the product, the product that we brought is Dopo Red Rose. That's the name of the product. And it's in a liquid form. So it's not in a capsules or pills form, it's in a liquid form. And every pack like you see on the screen at your left, it comes in a pack like this, as you see over here. And every pack contains 15 sachets of it in the form of 10 ml. The administration is very simple. It's taken first thing in the morning on an empty stomach or last thing before bed. So when you wake up in the morning, you take one sachet, you shake it, you tear the top with your hand or a pair of scissors, then you drink it immediately. Then after drinking it, you wait for 30 minutes and you drink a lot of water after the 30 minutes, then you go on with your breakfast or any other medication. It doesn't complicate with any medication. And I will explain to you why it doesn't complicate with any other medication as we delve much deeper into the product knowledge. So with this product, let me tell you something about the product. We realized that There are a few products within the system that are in a liquid format. And even with that, the taste is not as refreshing for enjoyment in as much as it's very effective and efficacious. So our focus as a company was how can we refresh individuals in addition to giving them the best effective results? So with this product, it's very refreshing. And one of the reasons why we are the first African company, indigenous company operating in the multi-level marketing industry, that our product has been certified by the United States of America. It has not happened. And I will show you why the United States of America certified our product, although we are an African company. So now the administration, like I said, is very simple. Let's move to the ingredients within the product, the choice of ingredients. We classify the choice of ingredients under red superfoods because they are classified under foods. They are basically foods that we eat. And that is why I said the product is not complicated with any other medication because the extraction that was done was basically done from something we eat. But just that they were... scientifically extracted from the source because of one particular thing we wanted. So let me give you a breakdown of the science behind the product. When we're bringing this vision, our main focus was on what is the leading cause of death globally now? And we were shocked to notice that the leading cause of death globally now is oxidative stress or cell oxidation. And cell oxidation, for as long as you are a normal human being, you go through cell oxidation. Because one of the causes of cell oxidation is metabolism. And for as long as you eat, whenever the food goes through metabolic process to be converted into energy to fuel your cells, your tissues, and your organs and your organ systems, it leaves something behind called free radicals. Now, these free radicals, according to science, they are responsible for what is called cell oxidation or cell damage. And when your cells are damaged, it gives room for various chronic related health problems to attack you because the cells are the basic unit of our lives. Now, this is where there's a difference between somebody asked me the other time. Based on our product knowledge, what is the difference between stem cell products and our product knowledge? I'll come there. So now, we realize that according to science, what is needed by the body to eliminate the complications of free radicals, which causes cell oxidation, is something called antioxidant. Now, with this antioxidant, the body itself produces an amount of antioxidant through the glutathione within us. But with the glutathione in us as we age, because of poor nutrition and diet, because of ignorance, and because of bad lifestyle, it limits the production capacity of the glutathione to produce antioxidants to combat the complications of free radicals within the body. So when we delve much deeper into research, we realize that naturally there are certain fruits that have in them high quantities of dissolution that the body needs to be able to combat the complications of free radicals. So some of the fruits that according to research, they contain high quantities of this antioxidant are coming from the fruits that we selected. So within the product, we have 12 active ingredients in the product. And out of these 12 active ingredients, seven of the ingredients are mostly focused on antioxidant. So when you take a pack of the product, when you look on top of it, those of you that you have some, on top of the product, they've written red superfoods, antioxidants. So some of the fruits that, according to research, They contain high antioxidant. It's coming from pomegranate extract, which is the ones that we selected. So inside the double red rose product we brought contains the extract of pomegranate, the extract of red grapes, the extract of peach, the extract of the Chinese date or jujube. So when you look at this, this date is different from the usual date we know. This is called a Chinese date or the juju. Mostly found in China, the name implies Chinese date. And we also have the roselle extract, the acerola cherry. We have in it the doppelred rose petal. We are one of the few companies that went into great research to realize that the double red rose flower contains some essential nutrients, which is needed in our day-to-day activities when it comes to our digestive health and other systems. So when you look at the choice of ingredients we selected, they are very expensive. And that is why I tell people that when you look at the price of the product, it's expensive. But when you look at the composition or what went into the formulation, it is cheaper. It is very cheap. And we didn't just select the ingredient. Every ingredient was selected based on scientific research. And that is why the product is doing amazing. So we have in it a double red rose petal, the goji berry, a touch of lemon, the Korean red ginseng. Now, when you look at ginseng, The usual ginseng we know is like in a whitish color. That is usual ginseng we know. But when we look at this ginseng, the Korean red ginseng is different from the usual ginseng we know. And the reason why we selected the Korean red ginseng is because it's mostly used by the Asians in energy and vitality purposes and even in sexual health. So we didn't just select any ordinary ginseng, but we went further to really extract from the Korean red ginseng So 80% of the ingredients we selected are not friendly to the African environment. And that is why we do our formulation in China, not because the product is coming from China, but because 80% of the ingredients we wanted to formulate the product are coming from Asia. So to cut down import costs, we realized that it would be best if we have a plant in China, or if we establish ourselves with a plant in China for the production of what we want. So we also have in it the carob extract and the locust honey. Now, I was doing a presentation for a few Americans and they asked me about honey. I was telling them that there's a difference between the normal honey and the low-cost honey. They are all produced by bees, but the low-cost honey is mostly found in the acacia tree. And it has greater benefits because of where it is being found and where it is being extracted from. And I told, I gave... an assignment to our USA team that when you go to the African market in USA, you realize that the low cost honey is always expensive than the usual honey. The low cost honey is always expensive than the usual honey. So when you look at what went into the product, the product is very cheap. So always, when somebody tells you the product is expensive, let the person know about what the product entails, what went into the product. That is the only way the person can really appreciate the value of the product. Now, we also went further to enhance the product with NAC. So when you look at the ingredients here, we have N-acetylcysteine, which is NAC, because our emphasis was on antioxidants. And one of the things that really quickens and awakens the productivity of the glutathione within us is NAC, which is N-acetylcysteine. So this product is a powerful product, and we are not surprised the kind of testimonies we are getting because of the composition of it. So now, having put all these things together, What does one stand to gain or enjoy from using this product? Now, the first health benefit of the product is antioxidant. And this is where I personally take interest in. Because a lot of people are focusing on people who are sick. When you understand the formulation of the product, you will not even focus on people who are sick. You will equally focus on you that are healthy, that you are listening to me. You will focus on you yourself first. Because what antioxidants do is that they help to manage, limit, and eliminate the complications of the byproduct of the food we eat. Now, the complications of the byproduct of the food we eat, whether it is balanced diet or not, it's free radicals. Now, these free radicals, according to science, they are responsible for 90% of the health problems we are facing now. Because all health problems health problems are one way or the other related to a particular cell that is damaged, that is malfunctioning, or that is not really doing well. Because the basic unit of our life is the cells. Now, the reason why antioxidants is needed by both the sick and the healthy is because as you age, you need to protect yourselves from these free radicals. And the only way you cannot use stem cells to protect yourselves is Stem cells do not protect your cells. Stem cells replenish, rejuvenate, and multiply in their own kind to replace the damaged cells or the ones that are worn out. But what prevents the cells or protects the cells from damage is antioxidants. And that is why the product, that is the one thing the product is focused on. Because at some point in your age, your stem cell might not be able to repair and break down and replenish. So at that time, you will need more of antioxidant to protect the existing ones that you have in order for you to enjoy your old age. So one of the integral benefits of the product is the high antioxidant benefit. So if Somebody is struggling with stroke. If somebody is struggling with non-communicable diseases like high blood pressure, like diabetes, these are non-communicable diseases. Or if somebody is struggling with a chronic health problem and you inject more antioxidants in the person's body, the recovery process is very huge. It speeds up because now the person has something that is protecting the few cells that are really helping the tissues, the organs, and the organ systems to speed up the recovery. So that is why the product is needed by everybody, irrespective of the condition, because of the antioxidants in it. And when you look at the screen, the ingredients you see are not just pictures. They are just representations of the ingredients within the product that contribute to the high antioxidant levels within the product. And for as long as your glutathione, every medical professional that knows glutathione will really prioritize this product. Now, the next health benefit of the product is the greatest market for the product that has to do with hormonal regulations, women health. I call it the women health. Now, we realize, according to science, from our research, before we're bringing this vision, what we realize is this, that 90% of most troubling health problems around the menopausal cycles of women, the menstrual health cycles of women, and even the female reproductive health, of women is heavily influenced by hormonal regulations hormonal imbalances affect almost the every integral part of the female system or the female body so what we did was that we really increased the quantities or the extract of goji berry pomegranate and acerola cherry in the product because our main focus was on how we can be able to help our women with something that if they drink and it enters their body systems, it can be able to balance the hormones within their system which is needed through through their menopausal cycles to overcome menopausal difficulties and which is needed in their menstrual health. So this product has a lot of testimonies when it comes to menstrual health, particularly with people battling with scanty flow, irregular menstrual flow, and people who struggle to really enjoy their menstrual cycle. There are people that have not reached menopausal stage, but their menstrual cycle has ceased, which has created in them a buildup of tumor or fibroid within them. And there are some people that their menstrual cycle comes with heavy pain and heavy cramps. When you drink the product two, three weeks before your cycle, it relaxes your hormones and relaxes your muscles to enable you to flow without any pain. That is one thing that the product does. So when it comes to women health, If you have a wife, if you have daughters that are in their menstrual ages, this is something that you must have at home. And that is the reason why I said this product is not only for those who are sick. So in case you are listening to me, then you are already targeting people who are sick. Then it means you've gone outside of our vision. Our vision makes sure that every human being enjoys this product because we have the benefits for those who are sick and the benefits for those who are healthy. And one of the benefits for your wife and women is the hormonal regulation side. Now, the next health benefit is improved mood effect. I personally, there are two reasons for the product intake. The first reason is for preventive health. The second reason is to be used as an add-up advantage to accelerate healing processes. It's not a drug. It's not a medicine. It's a nutritional supplement intended to be used for preventive health measures and as an add-up advantage to accelerate healing processes. And I'm explaining to you the dimensions that the product helps to accelerate healing processes or recovery processes. And apart from that, the product also improves your mood. particularly for those that are using it for preventive health measures. And I have a lot of people that they buy it for their gym activities, for their sport activities, because of the improved mood effect aside the next benefit that I'll be explaining to you. So the product is very refreshing. And when you look at the other liquid supplements in the market, it's not as refreshing as ours. And those of you that you like supplements, when you get this product, you will be able to really testify yourself. And we also have the cardiovascular or heart health. Now, I'm going to really go deep in this because this is product education. And I believe that many medical doctors are also going to listen to this recording. Now, When it comes to cardiovascular health, how does the product helps in cardiovascular health? Now, cardiovascular health related challenges are the leading cause of death globally, spearheaded by high blood pressure and stroke, heart attack and cardiac related problems. These are all cardiovascular health related problems. Now, there is something we found in red grapes, according to our research. Now, you've heard people talk about red wine. Red wine is good for the heart. I never understood them. But when we were bringing this vision to the world, Our research suggests that there is something in red grapes called resveratrol. Resveratrol. Now, this resveratrol in red grapes, they really affect the heart positively and strengthen the cardiovascular system and our heart health. So when we found this, we realized that, okay, red wine is good for the heart, not because it is the wine, but because of the resveratrol within the grapes used to do the wine. So we didn't understand that is why red grapes is expensive. There's something in red grapes called resveratrol. So when it comes to the product, aside the extract from pomegranates and the acerola cherry, we really increased the extract from the red grapes a lot. Because of the resveratrol we are getting from it. So how does the product benefit the heart or the cardiovascular system? It's because of the presence of the resveratrol within it. And that is why we have great testimonies when it comes to the product being able to help the heart pump or circulate blood effectively. So one of the advantages of the product when it comes to cardiovascular health is quality blood flow. And it also improves and normalize our sexual health, particularly for males. And the reason why the product is good for males is because the male reproductive organ stress on blood flow. A lot of people drink concoction and take a lot of sexual stuff just to stay longer in bed. And I always tell the men, you are putting your old age in danger because the thing is very simple. There is something in us called the pelvic floor muscle. If you are a man, then you exercise around that. It really helps in your ejaculation, longevity, and also in your erection. Aside that, because the male reproductive organ emphasis or moves with blood flow, the quality of your blood flow determines the quality of your erection. That is as simple as that when it comes to we the men. The quality of your blood flow determines the quality of your erection. So this product, when it comes to blood flow, because it helps in blood flow, automatically it helps in male sexual health. Aside that, it also helps in normalizing and reducing blood pressure because of the cardiovascular health benefits within it. And it also helps in recovery of stroke because of the ability of it to really speed up or improves blood flow because normally stroke is a situation whereby enough blood cannot get to the brain tissues. Most of the stroke cases we have, this is the situation in many people, enough blood cannot get to the brain tissues or enough blood cannot get to the brain. So because of that, it damages some parts of the body. So that is one of the health benefits of the product I stressed on because this is the leading cause of death in the whole world. They will also have glycemic control benefits or blood sugar control. And the reason why the product helps in blood sugar control is because the ingredients we use has high fiber content. And because it has high fiber content, when you drink it in the morning, it helps to stabilize or control the sugar within the blood for you. which is essential for those of us that we want to overcome sugar problems or we want to recover from it or we want to prevent our body systems from sugar-related problems. So that is the blood sugar control benefit, and I encourage everybody who needs this product as an adapt advantage to accelerate a healing process within diabetic patients to really get this for them because it really works when it comes to blood sugar control. Then we also have the digestive health. Actually, with a digestive health, it works with speed. And the reason why we maintain the administration in a liquid format, and we advise that you drink a lot of water to keep your body hydrated, is the fact that we want you to have free bowel movement. Now, when it comes to the product benefits relating to digestive health, it eliminates completely constipation. It improves digestion. It also helps in the recovery process of peptic ulcers or stomach ulcers, which is basically a wound in the stomach. These are all digestive health conditions. And when it comes to digestive health disorders like GERD or acid reflux, and also indigestion, it helps greatly when it comes to recovery process in that. And I have a lot of testimonies from my customers and partners in USA regarding acid reflux and GERD and even a peptic ulcers too as well. So when it comes to digestive health, it works greatly. And for those of us that we eat late at night, maybe you are a married woman listening to me, you normally serve your husband late or your husband eat late at night. This product is a must-have at home. After eating late at night, you relax for five minutes and you drink one sachet of it and you relax your body for 15 minutes. It really speeds up the digestion for you and enables you to get free bowel movement early morning to bring everything out. Now, the next health benefit I'll talk about is SkinHealth. And me, the one presenting and educating you on this product, I've benefited from it on SkinHealth. Initially, when the company released the product in February 2024, I was making a lot of money selling it. By me personally, I was not using it. I was interested in the money because a lot of people were patronizing it because of the ingredients. Many dieticians and many medical doctors really loved it because of the composition. So I was making a lot of money. Until one day we had a testimony from one woman that works at the Labadi Beach Hotel in Accra, Ghana, Madam Josephine. And her testimony really encouraged me. At that time, I was struggling with fungi infection or fungi growth on my forehead, which is a skin health disorder. So when I saw this testimony, I said, ah, me? Me, I've been selling the product. I have a lot in my car, but I don't use it. But this woman tested money. So I was even making a lot of money without using the product because people were patronizing it. So I was like, I have a lot of product at home and in my car. Let me personally start using it. So I started using the product. I didn't see anything for three months. But because I had a lot of product, I was just using it as a lifestyle. Now, entering into the fourth month, I wake up in the morning and I realize that all the things on my face have been cleared off. And from 2024 up to now, the fangiten has never come to my face again. So when it comes to skin health, I personally present to you, I am a living testimony to read. And those of you that you doubted, when you are listening to this recording, you can contact Mr. Shola. I will share with you my face before and after, personally. So when it comes to skin health, you will use it for a minimum of three months. In addition to that, you must also change your diet. So I changed my diet and I drank a lot of water within the three months. I changed my hydration level and I got the result. And I've spent thousands of dollars on my face, on my skin previously until the double red rose came. So with the right diet and with a lot of water and with the double red rose, I was able to eliminate this skin condition. So when it comes to skin health, it works amazingly well. Then we also have the immune system support system. So if you have anybody battling with HIV AIDS, for instance, this is a product you must give to the person because it will strengthen the immune system to fight back the viruses. And we've had a lot of testimonies, two from Zimbabwe, one from Cameroon and Kenya, regarding which really weakens the immune system. So anything that supports the immune system really help HIV patients as well. And people that are battling with infections and bacterial related problems, especially our women, this is a must have product for them as well when it comes to their recovery process as well. So when it comes to immune system, these are the benefits associated with it. And it also helps in cognitive health, that is in memory health as well. And the reason why we added a Korean red ginseng to another normal ginseng is because the Korean red ginseng, apart from its energy and vitality and sexual benefit, it is scientifically proven to really help in cognitive functioning. That is why we didn't select the usual ginseng we know in Africa, but we went all out to really get the Korean red ginseng. So it's different. If you look at the Korean red ginseng, this is it. It's different from the usual ginseng we have. That is the main reason behind it. And we also have the energy and vitality benefit. This is my dominant market. I personally, 90% of my customers are people who are healthy. They are not people who are sick. And today that you've understood the composition and the products, the science behind the product, don't only focus on those who are sick. Because a lot of people need a product. Many people, do you know that according to scientific research, chronic stress, chronic fatigue, stress, that have been compounded for a very long time is one of the contributing factors to high blood pressure, stroke, and many of the health problems we are facing. So in our generation, you naturally having something that gets into your body to increase your energy and vitality levels is of great importance. And that is why you need a double red rose. Actually, my dominant market in the United States of America is energy and vitality. I didn't know that the Americans are struggling until we entered there with a product. Day in, day out, a lot of testimonies coming. Oh, Stan Anderson, my energy is high and my sleeping pattern is excellent. So one of my dominant testimonies in USA is energy and vitality. So people that they listen, they do, they get tired. People that they really face Korean Reginseng. It's amazing when it comes to the product being used as something natural to help you overcome chronic fatigue and the tiredness and the stress of the day. It keeps you hydrated, giving you free bowel movement and helping you in your whole overall hydration. And hydration is very needed by every normal human being. Many people, their problem is not really that they are sick. Their problem is that they don't hydrate themselves. A lot of digestive health problems, including even kidney problems, is because of dehydration. And a lot of people don't know this. It's not everything that you need medicine. There are certain health conditions that even with fasting and water, you can eliminate them. Fasting and water, you can eliminate them. But many people don't know. So this is a holistic health. I love it when it comes to general well-being. That's why I said don't focus on those who are sick. And the reason why we are capturing a lot of countries is because of how we formulated the product. We formulated the product in such a way that even you as a medical doctor listening to me, you as a physician assistant, you as a dietician, you as a corporate worker, everybody needs it. Everybody needs it. So if you are focusing on those who are sick, if you are focusing on your patient, you are missing out. Because you personally, you need it. Your wife needs it. Your husband needs it. Your children needs it. And your friends that you want to age gracefully with, they all need it. Everybody needs it. If you love exercises and gym, this is a great product for you to have. When you drink one sachet and you go to the gym, you will see your energy level increased. So I always tell people that this is a complete nutritional package for holistic health and preventive health measures. For holistic health and preventive health measures. I don't even talk about healing or cure. I mostly focus on preventive. Because 95% of the troubling health problems in our generation, the heart health problems, the high blood pressure, the stroke, the diabetes, the cancer, and mention them. They are all preventable. If people know what to do and what not to do, what to take and what not to take, and if people are interested in investing in their health, a lot of people, particularly in Africa, we don't like investing in our health, which is a very troubling thing in Africa. You wait for something bad to happen to you before you release money. which is very bad. So we've brought to you something amazing, not just for business, but for your health, the health of your children and your family and myself as well. And let me give you a few testimonies about the product. As we record, there's only two testimonies I'm going to play. This very one is from Cameroon regarding child abnormalities. And because of the high antioxidants in it, it really helps children a lot. So look at this testimony very well from Cameroon. When they gave birth to this child, we did not know that the child had abnormalities. See, when the baby was seven months, this is how the child was. The child cannot sit, the child cannot hold the mother's breast. If the mother is breastfeeding her and the breast falls out from the mouth, she cannot hold it. She cannot sit, as you can see. The child was just a type. The child went to Shandabia Foundation for treatment to know about it. So I presented the Gaby to leader Frank from Bamena. He said we should make a video and send to him. We made this video and sent to him before they eat to Dr. Adolf. And he said... The doctor could help the child. The doctor said we should be giving it on a teaspoon. Morning, evening. So one packet the child was taking, one packet three times. One sachet, three times on a teaspoon. So when the child took five, we realized that there was a change. When you give her a bonbon, she will take it to the mall. When you put her in the bowl, she will eat. This is a child. This is the second. This is the second. When you give, she was struggling now to eat on her own. The testimonies coming from Cameroon and Zimbabwe in America is amazing. And look at this. This woman is from Zimbabwe. She was struggling with a swollen eye. It was at a point whereby she could not take again. And she was also struggling with allergies and asthma all in one person. And somebody in Zimbabwe introduced her to the product. And look at her eyes now. After taking just three packs of the product, just watch this video of this woman. She's even holding the sachet. I like how happy people are happy for her. Right. So this is some of the things. There are a lot of testimonies. I cannot play them here. The testimonies are a lot. And although we are an indigenous company, look at this. The Zimbabwe Federation of Industry and Commerce called us from Ghana last year and they awarded us the best national healthy supplement of the. And we are an African company. We are the first indigenous African company to ever receive an award outside of our country. We're an outside company. So we didn't just, and the product is certified by America. For your product to be certified by the FDA of America, United States of America, then it means that they've seen something that goes beyond the normal, especially you being an African company. And aside that, the Zimbabwean Federation of Industry and Commerce also awarded us last year. So the product is more like a household name in Zimbabwe. We started small in Ghana, and we have no doubt that we are going to really take over the Nigerian market in the next few months to come. Because the product has been proven, our compensation plan is exceptional, unique, and excellent. So don't focus on those who are sick. Focus on those who are also healthy. So this is the science behind our product. I believe that you've really enjoyed... the the the the the the everything about the product the we formulated it in a way that it gives holistic health so it doesn't really focus on one side so the ingredients are excellent and this is the product as well it comes in a liquid form in a sachet 10 ml and you are going to really enjoy it so leaders this is the product it's it's amazing every medical doctor should know about it and every and every healthy person should know about it. The money is secondary. Once we understand the science behind it, we can take over the market. So if there's any question to be asked, you can unmute yourself, then you ask your question as we conclude on this so that I can get your product. Yes, if there's any question you can ask. Wow, wow. Thanks for the wonderful presentation. It is amazing. Well done. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. The question I'm about to ask, because you are mentioning supplements, supplements, supplements. Yeah. And at the same time, you mentioned three months. Whenever you are talking about any healing, you say three months. Yeah. So does it mean that anything we want to use it for now, we must tell them that it should be taken for three months? Or is there any illness that can be healed before that three months? So I want to know about that. Good. Yes. The reason why I said three months is because one of the ways to enjoy the product is when you are using it in a therapeutic form. And I personally, I got my skin health benefit after three months. But many people get their benefits or healing even within a week, some even within a day. our great leader in ibadon told me yesterday that he she gave some people at a bank a particular bank came to her shop in ibadon uh in oyo and she gave them just two sachet two sachet within a pack and then one of them called him that mama the thing you gave to me is it is it it did manpower product but a person saw something in the evening that the only difference in his body was the product So there are some people that they see difference even within hours, some within a week. But I advise that if you are using it particularly for accelerating a healing process, it's advisable you be on it for a minimum of three months. But within the three months or even less than a month, you can even see your healing. But personally, I love when people use it in a therapeutic form. That is minimum three months. But people even get their healing within a week, some even within a day. All right, sir. Thanks so much. It is now clearer now. Because you know, I told you about a patient that I bought one for. Yes. And he was the first person that I administered it to in Nigeria here, personally. So that day I told him to be taken to Sashit the way you just instructed. So when she, I mean, he started yesterday morning. So he took that two sachets in the morning. So when I got there in the evening, I went there in the evening to ask him about his health. So thank God he said he has not been defecating for some months now. that he would be forcing himself to go to the toilet. But when he took that two sachets, in fact, they have to go and buy pampas for him. Wow. You know, he's totally dead, leg and hand, so he cannot move to the toilet. So, in fact, I rejoiced with him yesterday when I got there. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. He's now taking it for the third time tomorrow now. Because he has taken another two days. When I got there today, I said, did you mess up the first day today? He said, no. He said that everything has normalized. And I can see him that he can eat very well. Before he could eat, he would say no eating, no appetite. But when I saw him this night, because I've just left the place around 10 o'clock now because of the soup. So in fact, I was happy seeing him. I was happy. And he was happy laughing, playing, unlike before. So we thank God. That's why I asked that question that since a composer that someone should take it for three months, but I've had you now, I've understood what you have just said now. Thanks so much. You're most welcome. You're most welcome, Doc. And I'm most grateful. That's good. That's good. I'm happy to hear this. I'm happy to hear this. Yeah. Yes, Mstashallah and best king and all leaders, if there's any question, you can ask as well.